Write the story of your level - 
	// author's note - this is the final level of my video game. enemies will sneak into this hidden farm complex and we will fight in very close quarters. The farm will be up against a cliff that will at some point during the battle have an explosion cause part of it to collapse, revealing a cave we can more safely live inside. i've no idea how that works, but it's supposed to. why would anyone put a propane tank close to a cliff? They probably never would. anyway. horse farm next to a cliff, with enough water streaming through for someone to follow the stream up from the highway, and enough water to take care of 20 people.
	// description - My level is a horse farm. there is a corral for the horses when they need to be separated, but this farm is situated in the Flint Hills of Kansas where the wild and feral horses roam free. The Moody family finds those horses that they can rehabilitate into domesticated horses and sells them when they are ready for idk, work? whatever horses do. The farm itself has a garden to sustain the family of six that lives there, mom, dad, two boys and two girls (tom is 14, ben is 20, steph is 16, mary is 12) . There is a stable for the horses they ride on a daily basis, and some tractor equipment for gathering and transporting hay to the wild horses.
	The kids have an old swingset that was bought 18 years ago for the oldest, Ben, and was abandoned a slowly over the past 2 years as the youngest Mary used it less and less. 
	// that was history, now for current events! - Something happened to 90% of the population, driving them to destruction of all things human and human-made. those people who are not affected are trying to wait out the insanity of these angry people, hoping that the government still exists and can fix things, or that the angry people will kill themselves off or wear themselves out. a small number of family and friends of the Moody family, including the baby brother of the player's character.
	20 or so people live here now, many camping in RV's or sleeping in the living room of the house, or camping in tents near the house. There are extra refridgerators brought by some of the campers to store the extra food they need. there are several dirt bikes, a 4-wheeler, and a couple big trucks. The horses are all there in the barn, they're fine.



The story of the player - Why is the player's character in your level?
	// the player has been looking for any family members that are still living, s/he was off at college when The Bad Day came. The player has found a note explaining that their family was planning to meet the Moody's for dinner on that Bad Day, and so the player is going there to meet them and hopefully find them safe. Unfortunately the player has met some enemies in previous levels, who are stalking them in hopes of finding new supplies to scavenge as well as to get revenge on the player once and for all. 
	when the player arrives at the Moody ranch s/he meets their parents and little brother and is extremely relieved to find everyone safe. The player gets a tour of the farm, a good meal, and a place to sleep for the night. 

// Events/objectives that will transpire in the level - As the night gets deeper the player finds themselves restless and decides to go for a walk. As they come back from their explorations they see their old enemies descending upon the camp. The player wants to take care of these enemies without alerting the rest of the camp, but if they get too close it would put the people in danger. 